{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1344\cocoasubrtf720
{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red19\green21\blue24;}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww10800\viewh8400\viewkind0
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural

\f0\fs24 \cf0 When will the documentary be finished?\
\
We are gathering stories from around the world about pediatric cancer awareness. Depending on the amount of funds we can raise, we would like to travel to different children's hospitals to continue collecting interviews and footage. Currently, our goal is to finish the film within the year 2015. This is subject to change as we make travel plans.\
\
How can I donate to help you in the production process?\
\
Go to the "How you can help" tab, and click "Donate". You will be directed to our PayPal page. Cash and checks can be mailed to BASE Camp Children's Cancer Foundation **PLEASE NOTE** All checks must be made out to BASE Camp Children's Cancer Foundation, with The Golden Truth in the details line. This is VERY important to make sure you recieve tax return. \
\
What do you use donation money for?\
\
We will use money donated to the film to help with various production costs, including but not limited to: equipment, travel, and distribution fees. For a more detailed description, see the help page. \
\
Will you be coming to my child's hospital?\
\
As we make our travel plans, we will release them here and on social media. To request that we come to your hospital, contact us.\
\
How can I share my story?\
\
Click on the "Contact" button, and send us an email! Please allow at least three business days for a response. All interviewees will need to sign our model release form, which allows us to use your voice/image in our film. If you are under 18, this form must be signed by a parent or legal gaurdian.\
\
Can I follow the film on social media?\
\
Facebook: The Golden Truth\
Instagram: @the_golden_truth\
Twitter: @reel24_\
YouTube: The Golden Truth\
\
(These are also listed on the sidebar)\
\
Questions about preparing for my interview:\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\qj
\cf2 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
Documentation of Diagnosis: \
Before we scheudule any interview it is required that you submit a documentation of your/your child's diagnosis. This can be a pathology report from a biopsy, test results, labs, scan findings, a letter from your social worker or hematologist/oncologist, or a plan of care with your child's name and hospital clearly printed. One or more of these papers MUST be submitted to us before your interview will be on our official schedule. Even if we have scheduled a filming date, it is against our policy to shoot if you have not yet sent in your documentation. We ask that these papers are sent at least one week in advance to nancy@thegoldentruth.org \
\
Why do I need to provide documentation of my child's diagnosis? \
Unfortunately, there are a lot of "scams" in the pediatric oncology world. Families seeking money, fame, gifts, etc. can manipulate thousands of people into believing their child has an illness that they don't. (See my blog post, 'Uncovering the Truth') To preserve the integrity of our film, and the safety of our producers, we must have proof that your story is legitimate. We apologize for any inconveniences this may cause. \
\
Paperwork for the Film: \
We only have one paper that you have to sign to share your story with us! Our standard model release form, which can be found on the side bar under "For the Parents". This document gives us permission to use your story in our film, on our website, etc. If you are under 18, your parent/gaurdian must sign the form also. We will not use any images/audio without your consent. We do reccomend that families provide us with "B-Roll" (extra footage) apart from what we film during your scheduled interview. This can be pictures and videos of you/your child before diagnosis, in the hospital, after treatment, etc. These supplementary items will be chosen by you and we will not take pictures/videos from Facebook, Twitter, Instagram without your consent. \
\
Filming in the Hospital: \
Please keep in mind that if you/your child is admitted during your interview that we must go through the media coordinator at your hospital. Every hospital varies, but we often need to schedule a time around the media representitive's schedule, so that he/she can oversee the shoot. You can help with this process by scheduling interviews ahead of time (2-3 weeks) and signing any consent forms the hospital may have. (These forms are seperate from The Golden Truth and document that you consented to the shoot.) \
\
Dress Code: \
There is no need to dress up for our film, interviews are very casual. We do ask that participants dress modestly, as our audience will inclue a variety of ages. Please avoid very low cut tops, short shorts, and clothing with crude images/sayings on them. Don't stress too much about this one, we are very easy going. :) \
\
Interview Questions: \
\
We are able to send you a copy of our interview questions as requested. Please be aware that interviews are more like conversations than question and anwer. As you say something interesting, we will ask you about it! Feel free to add on/take out anything that you don't feel comfortable answering. It is not a requirement to answer all questions! \
\
(This is also listed on the Contact page)\
\
Still have questions? \
Email us with any more questions or concerns, and we will get back to you as soon as possible.}